0.  BMP supports 32 bit colour i.e. about 2^32 colours.GIF supports 8 bit colours , 256 colours.JPEG and PNG both support 24 bit colour,which is 2^24 colours.
1.  GIF supports animation.
2.  Lossy compression optimizes file size but loses information  whereas lossless compression works more efficiently and does not lose information, allowing scope for reversal.
3.  When a file is deleted in a FAT file system , the first character of the file name is replaced by a special character (0xe5),signaling the OS that it has been deleted. All the clusters allocated to the file becomes available as free clusters  in the File Allocation Table(FAT).
4.  JPEG is lossy-compressed.
5.  Delete file using secure delete option ,which replaces all characters in the file with zero or random characters, making  hard to recover.
6.  stdint.h is a header file containing information about various integer datatypes of specified width with corresponding sets of macros.
7. For proper usage of memory , there is need to store data in integer variables having datatypes of appropriate width. Hence uintN_t ,where N indicates the width ,datatypes proves fruitful.
8.  BYTE is 1,WORD is 2 while DWORD and LONG both is 4 bytes.
9.  The first two bytes of any BMP files must store the signature “BM” in ASCII or “0x424d” in hexadecimal.
10. biSize specifies the size of the structure BITMAPINFOHEADER in bytes whereas bfSize  gives the size,in bytes,of the entire bitmap  file.
11.If biHeight is negative ,it means that the bitmap file is a bottom-up  DIB having origin in the lower left corner.
12. The field biBitCount in BITMAPINFOHEADER specifies the BMP’s colour depth.
13.fopen might return NULL if it cannot find the file,if it exists or cannot create  a new file owing to the lack of memory or some other errors. 
14.The third argument of fread determines the number of elements to read, which in this case is always one as only one RGBTRIPLE struct i.e. one pixel is read at a time. 
15.If biWidth is 3,padding is assigned is assigned the value 3.
16. fseek moves the FILE pointer to a particular location in the file.
17. SEEK_CUR is integer constanst which is used to seek  the current location of the file pointer in a file. 
18. A person looking similar to Rob Bowden.
